# Notes from our first meeting:

- Going forward we can meet in person
- Get Lela access to claude code (is there a version for students that is free?)

To do list:

- Lela: Start using claude code. Find one or two youtube videos and watch them. Get used to running this on the command line.
- Use Claude Code to write scripts that download all the source data based on the table that we have. 
    1. Verify that the code runs
    2. Verify that the code run using `uv` 
    3. there should be make commands that do the downloads
- It is totally possible that some of the sources are not easily downloadable. 
  - Document how to download the sources.
  - For next week we want to know: where do we have to do work as opposed to the AI doing the work for data collection. For each data source do we know if it works or not and if not what is the work around?


How to prompt:

1. We need to set up the problem. 
   1. "We are trying to replicate a paper. we have identified the required columns and data and put it in variable_inventory.md. Please use that as the starting point of the data that is required. The paper itself is also in the repository in the docs directory."
2. Rules for how to do things:
   1. "Everything should be in code (python). All code should be executable using make commands via makefile. All code should also use uv to run"
3. What do we want to do:
   1. Write python scripts which generate CSV files for all the data sources required for the project. 
4. For each data source please either write a script which downloads and generates the CSV or, if not possible, explain why and what steps are required to be able to get and use the data.

Go into planning mode and ask me questions.